Dad?
Lord Demon Lord should already know about it, right?
He is not fooled at all this night
Lord Demon Lord
Please go to bed
Can't you count my son in?
I only have one son
Lord Demon Lord
Since you have already said it
This leaf flower is a weak chicken
Then why don't you do it yourself?
As for the trouble
It's the summer solstice
There are a few old monster presidents
And when the night famine breaks through the natural
They change
If I make a move
They are bound to change
And they will surely join forces to kill
Then you mean if it's not a last resort
You won't shoot
Exactly.
But I don't want to die.
It's almost a death sentence.
No matter whether he dies or not
It's me who is dead now, it's me
I don't do it anyway
Dad, let's go back to the land this afternoon
presumptuous
You dare not ask
Where am I going?
This is uncomfortable for bathing.
Demon quality assurance
Even ordinary people get
He can also be decapitated and seriously injured
And if you take it
You have immortality.
Lord Mo Jun
This one.
Is it really that deep?
Then thank you, Lord Mo Jun
Now I have a little bit in my heart
Let's go
It's just an ordinary fish match
Mortal people are like that
Ah!
Hahahaha